one thing I would change about my job would probably be that would probably
be the this dish the amount of stress that you have to deal with
day in day out I thank you it weighs on everyone all I know it's
it's different for everyone but I just think the amount of stress that
you have to deal with it causes I guess you could say on warranty
Kankan sequences you know things like high blood pressure things like
you know sleep anxiety you know issues that than the average person
would want to do your will is with and should have to deal with and
I think some of these effects are felt by you know a lot about leaders
long after they retire